--- Part Two ---

You and The Historians crowd into the office, startling the Chief Historian awake! The Historians all take turns looking confused until one asks where he's been for the last few months.

"I've been right here, working on this high-priority request from Santa! I think the only time I even stepped away was about a month ago when I went to grab a cup of coffee..."

Just then, the Chief notices the time. "Oh no! I'm going to be late! I must have fallen asleep trying to put the finishing touches on this chronicle Santa requested, but now I don't have enough time to go visit the last 50 places on my list and complete the chronicle before Santa leaves! He said he needed it before tonight's sleigh launch."

One of The Historians holds up the list they've been using this whole time to keep track of where they've been searching. Next to each place you all visited, they checked off that place with a star. Other Historians hold up their own notes they took on the journey; as The Historians, how could they resist writing everything down while visiting all those historically significant places?

The Chief's eyes get wide. "With all this, we might just have enough time to finish the chronicle! Santa said he wanted it wrapped up with a bow, so I'll call down to the wrapping department and... hey, could you bring it up to Santa? I'll need to be in my seat to watch the sleigh launch by then."

You nod, and The Historians quickly work to collect their notes into the final set of pages for the chronicle.

You have enough stars to .

Using the notes from the places marked by all fifty stars, The Historians finish the chronicle, wrap it, and give it to you so you can bring it to Santa before the big sleigh launch.

Santa is already in the sleigh making the final launch preparations when you arrive. You try to hand him the chronicle, but he doesn't take it. "Ho ho ho," he laughs to himself. "That gift isn't for me - it's for you. That chronicle is a record of all the places you've been and people you've helped over the last decade. Thank you for everything." With that, Santa takes off in his sleigh to deliver the rest of this year's presents.

(Also, there's a new design up in the [Shop] if you're interested. If you don't see it, give it a few minutes.)

Congratulations! You've finished every puzzle in Advent of Code 2024! I hope you had as much fun solving them as I had making them for you. I'd love to hear about your adventure; you can get in touch with me via contact info on my website or through Bluesky, Mastodon, or Twitter.

If you'd like to see more things like this in the future, please consider supporting Advent of Code and sharing it with others.

I've highlighted the easter eggs in each puzzle, just in case you missed any. Hover your mouse over them, and the easter egg will appear.